Adds config option exclude_errors (#342) (#443)
honeybadger-io/honeybadger-elixir: README.md

config :honeybadger, filter_args: false
```

## Excluding Errors

> By default Honeybadger will get notified when error occurs . To override this configuration in order not to send out errors to Honeybadger, set `exclude_errors` option in `config/config.exs`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default Honeybadger will be notified when an error occurs. To override this configuration in order not to send out errors to Honeybadger, set `exclude_errors` option in `config/config.exs`.
```
